Joe: Hey, check this out. Y’know what Eric asked me when I got into work this
morning?

Kristin: I have no idea, what’d he ask you?

Joe: He asked me if I felt the earthquake last night.

Kristin: Earthquake? You’ve gotta be kidding, I didn’t feel an earthquake.

Joe: I know, that’s what I said. He told me it actually woke him up last night.
Y’know…

Kristin: What?

Joe: …yeah, it was like, it went, it happened at like, uh, 4:42 in the morning. So we
must’ve been sleeping. But I mean, it’s possible that, y’know, even if we had been
awake we might not have felt it because, y’know, maybe it, uh, wasn’t felt, y’know,
this far north. But, uh, I, I mean I thought he was pullin’ my leg when he first talked
about it.

Kristin: Well, I guess it’s not so far-fetched considering we live on a major fault
line here.

Joe: Yeah, but actually I think this earthquake was, uh, on a different fault line, um,
because, y’know, Eric lives, uh, just, uh, south of San Jose…

Kristin: Yeah.

Joe: …and, uh, the earthquake he said was due east of San Jose, so he was
obviously a lot closer to the epicenter than we were. So, I d-, I’m not even sure it
was felt here.

Kristin: Yeah, that makes sense. Well, y’know, I’ve experienced quite a few
earthquakes in the past several years but I’ve been living here a little over two
years, I’ve, I think I’ve only experienced one here. It was really strange, too, I was,
um, each, I should say each earthquake has been a completely different
experience. But the one I, the one I felt here, I was standing outside a restaurant
really hard to explain, but it made me think of, like, a cartoon, like how, in the
cartoon, like buildings might just shift to the right and then shift right back.

Joe: Yeah, without falling.

Kristin: Yeah, without falling. And I, I had no idea what was going on for a few
minutes afterwards. And then I realized, oh that must have been an earthquake.

Joe: Yeah, you know what I usually notice, the times that I’ve been at home,
here…

Kristin: Yeah.
